Krishna Waterproof is a manufacturer of all sorts of moulded, extruded and calendered rubber products. Our managing director is an IIT Kharagpur alumni. We have got retired bank officials and public sector company top officials. We are also associated with a top-notch Chartered Accountant to look after all our taxations and accounts. 
Krishna Waterproof is a Govt of West Bengal registered SSI unit employing more than 30 factory workers. It is a sister concern of OPQ Rubber Udyog Pvt. Ltd. This is a proprietorship company. We are teamed up with rubber technicians who keep a close eye on the quality control of each and every raw material and in the process the quality control of the finished product. We have got ITI (Industrial training institute) trained personnel in our production line. They are responsible to keep a close track of maintaining all the parameters of the manufacturing process. Our full-time accountant keeps track of all the accounting jobs. Again we have got a full-time factory floor report generator. On the feedback provided, in the process, are utilised by the top officials to keep better control of our manufactured craving. Our manufacturing facility is like 15 years old and we are one of the biggest manufacturers of Hot Water Bag in India. 
Presently Krishna Waterproof deals with surgical and health care rubber products namely Hot Water Bg, PSP (Water) Bed, Hospital Sheet, B. P. Bag, Pure Rubber Sheet, Air Pillow, Air Cushion Ring. Besides this, some of the industrial products that we manufacture regularly are extruded profile and channel, tyton gasket, rice polisher, rubber bellow, rubber diaphragm, rubber mounting, O-ring etc. We are mainly engaged into manufacturing moulded, extruded, calendered and vulcanized products using the basic raw materials namely Viton, Silicon, PVC/ NBR, CPE, Polyurethane, ACR, EPDM, Neoprene, Nitrile and many other general purposes and special purpose polymer.
Krishna Waterproof has a lot of valued customers which include Bengal Waterproof Ltd (Duckback), Bihar Rubber Company limited (BRC Cruiser), Indian Explosives Ltd(Orica), Electrosteel Castings Ltd etc. We regularly supply to distributors in Chennai, Bangalore, Delhi, Siliguri, Guwahati, Rajasthan, Patna and other states in India. We are more into manufacturing and pioneered the field so well that we have come up with a Chinese substitute for many of the consumer products that we sell. We have got a patented Hot Water Bag design which is a substitute for Chinese hot water bag in price but better than its quality in all perspective.  
Being a 15-year-old company, we have gained a lot of credentials in the raw material market along with the dealer distributor network. Krishna Waterproof is a reputed name in the rubber industry. We have pioneered in manufacturing various rubber products. On top of this, we have got a great research and development team partnered with some international organisations. We are constantly rediscovering the production methodology and the latest rubber mixing components and technology. We can do all the important testing in-house. We regularly take part in most of the All India Rubber Industries Association – AIRIA programs.
