Supriyo K Ghosh is running the business for more than 15 years now. The milestone products that we have manufactured are Duckback branded Hot Water Bottle (applying our in-house technology and design) for Bengal Waterproof Limited, Tyton Gasket for Electrosteel Castings Limited, Hot Water Bottle (Jointless ,100% leak-proof, Patented, first time in India) for Bihar Rubber Company LTD, Profile and Channel (Based on ESCR elastomer) and Mounting (Transfer moulded) for Hyundai Motor India Limited. He has also developed EPDM Bush – Con & Neoprene Sleeve for Indian Explosives Ltd (Orica, an Australian Co). We have also supplied Ferrul & O ring to Wooden product Exporter and done job work for different suppliers of Defence, Railway, Oil India Ltd, NTPC etc.
Krishna Waterproof has manufactured & supplied surgical & health care products through dealer – distributor network all throughout India. These consumer products include Hospital Sheeting, Pure rubber sheet, PSP (Water) Bed, Air Cushion Ring, Air pillow, Ice Bag, B.P.Bag etc. We are in the rice polisher market as well. We manufacture and supply Rice Polisher in the local market. In the process of developing so many products, we have also designed rubber blower required to blow sleeping bag. These are the special lightweight sleeping bags tailor-made for the Indian Army.
In Krishna Waterproof, production of all sorts of adhesives is being done in-house. Catering to the modern industrial requirements we have come up with new developments in rubber compoundings which have optimised the heat, chemical wear and impact resistance. The most compatible surfaces where we have tested our adhesives on are rubbers and elastomers, metal, plastic, wood, porous surfaces. We are in the process of testing our custom made adhesives on surfaces like Ceramics and glass, Concrete and masonry, Paper and paperboard, Leather, Textiles, Composite materials etc. We have also developed the following list of items:
Teflon bonded rubber rope for a shipbuilding company
Dock fenders  for port
Moulded radiator hose for the automobile industry
Transparent rubber connector for saline controller (Romson)
Mounting for goods vehicle for TELCO
Viton/silicon o ring and gasket for NTPC for 170-degree centigrade ASTM 3 oil
Nitrile rubber rod for using as pressure cooker Gasket
Roller Lining & Tank lining for Chemical & Steel plant,
Idler/ side guide roller for a conveyor system,
Printing Roller,
Sponge Profile for Railway Engine,
Sponge Sheet for structural use namely for Soundproof generator body, Transformer laying,
Rubber Roof sheet for gardening on the roof,
Rubber Boat for Defence,
Specialised rubber tube with a perforated disk for Hyundai, Chennai,
Diaphragm for railway
We are going to launch commercially, some high tech products namely 
1)Transparent Hot Water Bottle cum Ice Bag (two in one), already Patented with high aesthetic feeling and very high heat retention property, 
2) Rice roller with very high peel strength and homogeneity causing least chance of failure, 
3) very low cost products as import substitution to compete with big importers from China maintaining the quality within the expectation of Indian buyer unlike the foreign suppliers, 
4) mounting .
