Krishna Waterproof is a proprietorship firm which is being led forward under the leadership of Mr, Supriyo Kanti Ghosh. He has completed his undergrad in Ram Krishna Mission, Narendrapur, Kolkata with Chemistry as a major. After this, he did B. Tech. in Calcutta University with Rubber & Plastic Technology as a major. This followed with 2 years for M. Tech. in Rubber Technology from Rubber Technology Centre, Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Kharagpur, West Bengal. In here he was closely associated with Prof Anil K Bhowmick (PhD). Along with this Supriyo K Ghosh did a 6 months M. Tech Project in Dunlop India Ltd, West Bengal. This was presented at 132nd Rubber Division Meeting, Cleveland, USA 1987 and published in ” INT. J. ADHESION AND ADHESIVES VOL.9 NO. 1 JANUARY 1989.”  The study was published with the headline “Studies on adhesion between rubber and fabric and rubber and rubber in the heat-resistant conveyor belt.” This led to the completion of Short Term Course On Adhesion and Failure. On top of this, he has obtained Master of Business Administration (MBA) degree with major in Marketing from Indian Institute of Social Welfare and Business Management, University Of Calcutta.
After completing education, Supriyo K Ghosh started his professional career. He got engaged in manufacturing rubber products in some small and medium rubber product manufacturing co. namely, companies namely: Debdip Rubber Works Pvt Ltd, Kolkata, International Conveyors Ltd, Maharashtra ( collaborated with Scandura, UK ), Kanoi Plantation Pvt Ltd, West Bengal, Sony Rubber Products Ltd Kolkata. Later, he stated providing technical consultation service for DuPont, USA, through their Indian Distributor, Bhimrajka Impex, Mumbai and then worked for Herdillia Unimers Ltd, Mumbai, collaborated with Uniroyal, USA. In these two multinational rubber and rubber chemical manufacturing companies, his main responsibility included offering technical consultation for different rubber products manufacturing. He also worked to come up with competitor product substitution for product manufactured by companies like DuPont / Herdillia.
He was also associated with product development projects in different types of rubber product manufacturing companies for calendered products like a rubber sheet, rubber coated fabric like DT, ST, etc, high-pressure hose, cable & shoe, adhesive, latex hand gloves. He also worked with moulded and extruded products like moulded radiator hose, mounting, profile & channel, Viton, acrylic rubber, PU, Silicon, Teflon, polyamide, glass fibre based products, expansion joint, high load bearing thick rubber pad, diaphragm etc. He has the experience with the products were mainly produced in supplying to automobile & explosive industries, NTPC, Oil companies, DI Pipe manufacturer, Fabrication Industry, surgical & health care area, Defence, Railway, export and many other industries.
After completing work for others, Supriyo K Ghosh started his entrepreneurial journey. In the year 1999, he set up a small proprietorship company by the name OPQ Rubber Product Manufacturing Co. and successively changed the name to OPQ Rubber Udyog Pvt Ltd in the Year in 2011. This also changed the discipline of the of the company from protectorship to Pvt. Ltd. company. Then in the year, 2017 Krishna Waterproof became a sister concern of OPQ Rubber Udyog Pvt Ltd. 
