Rubber products can be broadly divided into tyres and other rubber products. We at Krishna Waterproof manufacture non-tyre rubber products. We are a pioneer in custom-made moulded and calendered rubber products. We are also specialised in producing all main kinds of adhesives which are best on the surfaces like rubbers and elastomers, metal, plastic, wood, porous surfaces. In Krishna Waterproof our main motivation is to optimise quality along with the cost of any rubber product we come across. 
We have access to a cheap workforce which is trained to deliver on time while maintaining the quality of the product. They are well trained to keep the production environment optimised, so as to reduce the probability of rejection or second-grade products. We in Krishna Waterproof love to keep the machine floor clean, clear and safe to avoid any kind of mishaps. We abide by the ISO 9001:2015 certificate norms. We have got active firefighting instruments in our facility. We have insurance towards whatever we manufacture. We also abide by the Factories Law 1948. In our factory environment, we try to incorporate preventive maintenance, keeping all the testing and production machines calibrated. We are in a constant endeavour to maintain employee motivation by incentivising them. We strictly follow the rule of accepting only trained employees by having a constant check on their identity, competence, training. The thrive a lot for the customer satisfaction. So we love to keep track of each and every aspects of manufacturing.
We know that the natural rubber is collected from rubber trees (scientific name Hevea brasiliensis) as latex. It is a colloidal dispersion of the polymer polyisoprene in water. A colloid is a mixture where a microscopically dispersed substance of insoluble particle remains suspended throughout another substance. Solid particles of Polyisoprene (C5H8)n comprises rubber. Now the preferred method of recovering rubber from latex involves coagulation – adding an acid such as formic acid (HCOOH). Coagulation takes about 12 hours, where it is either subject to smokehouse or hot air. These hot air ones have better quality than the other one. 
Conversion of a combination of natural rubber and the required chemicals involve compounding, mixing, shaping, vulcanizing. Our machinery list includes the following:
18” x 24” – Single daylight hydraulic press – can produce high mould pressure
10” x 10” – double daylight
18” x 18” – double daylight
24” x 26” – double daylight
36” x 36” – double daylight
Hand Press (Electrical) – single daylight
2 roll Mixing Mill – 12” x 30”
Kneader Machine – 25 litre
3” Extruder – with a conveyor system
1.5” Extruder –  with a conveyor system
Vulcaniser – 8ft x 7 ft
Vulcaniser – 5ft x 4ft
3 bowl calendar – 54”
100 KVA generator
Heating Chambers
Ageing oven  – 300-degree centigrade capacity with an air circulation system
Tensile Tester – 250 Kg capacity
Hardness Tester, shore A
